[DOCS] Add rollups to `Tune for disk usage` (#60436)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/how-to/disk-usage.asciidoc

Due to the fact that multiple documents are compressed together into blocks,
it is more likely to find longer duplicate strings in those `_source` documents
if fields always occur in the same order.

> [discrete]
> === Rolling up historical data
> 
> Keeping historical data around for analysis is extremely useful but often avoided due to the financial cost of archiving massive amounts of data. Retention periods are thus driven by financial realities rather than by the usefulness of extensive historical data.
> 
> The Elastic Stack data <<xpack-rollup,rollup>> features provide a means to summarize and store historical data so that it can still be used for analysis, but at a fraction of the storage cost of raw data.

Reviewer: Just tightening this up and adding an explicit anchor.
```suggestion
[discrete]
[[roll-up-historical-data]]
=== Roll up historical data

Keeping older data can useful for later analysis but is often avoided due to storage costs. 
You can use data rollups to summarize and store historical data for later 
at a fraction of the raw data's storage cost. See <<xpack-rollup>>.
```

Due to the fact that multiple documents are compressed together into blocks,
it is more likely to find longer duplicate strings in those `_source` documents
if fields always occur in the same order.

[discrete]
[[roll-up-historical-data]]
=== Roll up historical data

> Keeping older data can useful for later analysis but is often avoided due to storage costs. 
> You can use data rollups to summarize and store historical data for later 
> at a fraction of the raw data's storage cost. See <<xpack-rollup>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keeping older data can useful for later analysis but is often avoided due to
storage costs. You can use data rollups to summarize and store historical data
at a fraction of the raw data's storage cost. See <<xpack-rollup>>.
```
